Rename fw_metadata to fw_info (#1291)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/fw_info.rst

It includes the following information:

* The size of the firmware image.
* The single, monotonically increasing version number of the image.
* The address through which to boot into the firmware (the vector table address).
  This address is not necessarily the start of the image.

Additionally, there is information for exchanging arbitrary data:

* Application Binary Interface (ABI) getter (:cpp:member:`abi_out`)
* Pointer to ABI getter (:cpp:member:`abi_in`)

ABIs
****

The firmware information structure allows for exchange of arbitrary tagged and versioned interfaces called Application Binary Interfaces (ABIs).

An ABI structure is a structure consisting of a header followed by arbitrary data.
The header consists of the following information:

* ABI ID (uniquely identifies the ABI)
* ABI version (single, monotonically increasing version number for the ABI with this ID)
* ABI flags (32 individual bits for indicating the particulars of the ABI)
* ABI length (length of the following data)

To retrieve an ABI, a firmware image calls another firmware image's ABI getter.

> Every image must provide an ABI getter (:cpp:member:`abi_out`) that other images can use to retrieve its ABIs.

Reviewer: Please check if I got the "in" and "out" correctly in this section.

This ABI getter is a function pointer that retrieves ABI structs (or rather pointers to ABI structs).

In addition, every image can access other ABIs through a second ABI getter (:cpp:member:`abi_in`).
This ABI getter must be provided when booting the image.
In other words, an image should expect its :cpp:member:`abi_in` ABI getter to be filled at the time it boots, and will not touch it during booting.
After booting, an image can call :cpp:member:`abi_in` to retrieve ABIs from the image or images that booted it without knowing where they are located.

Each image can provide multiple ABIs.

> An ABI getter function takes an index, and each index from 0 to *n* must return a different ABI, given that the image provides *n* ABIs with the same ID.

Reviewer: This is for ABIs with the same ID, right?
But where do I get the ID? It must be provided to retrieve the ABI?

Author: The ID is a parameter to the ABI getter function.

Reviewer: Right, but how do I know what ID to use?

Author: They are typically defined in the header file that has the ABI definition (EXT_ABI_FUNCTION etc).

Typically, the actual ABI will be a function pointer (or a list of function pointers), but the data can be anything, though it should be considered read-only.
The reason for making the ABI getters function pointers instead of pointing to a list of ABIs is to allow dynamic creation of ABI lists without using RAM.

Usage
*****

To locate and verify firmware info structures, use :cpp:func:`fw_info_find` and :cpp:func:`fw_info_check`, respectively.

To find an ABI with a given version and flags, call :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_find`.
This function calls :cpp:member:`abi_in` under the hood, checks the ABI's version against the allowed range, and checks that it has all the flags set.

> To populate an image's :cpp:member:`abi_in` (before booting the image), the booting image should call :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_provide` with its own firmware information structure.

Reviewer: "with its own firmware information structure" = the booting image's
Is that correct?

Author: No, it's the other image's information structure :). I corrected it in the "doc fixup" commit.

Note that if the booting (current) firmware image and the booted image's RAM overlap, :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_provide` will corrupt the current firmware's RAM.
This is ok if it is done immediately before booting the other image.

Creating ABIs
*************

To create an ABI, complete the following steps:

1. Declare a new struct type that starts with the :c:type:`fw_info_abi` struct:

   .. code-block:: c

      struct my_abi {
      	   struct fw_info_abi header;
   	   struct {
   		   /* Actual ABI/data goes here. */
   	   } abi;
      };

#. Use the :c:macro:`__ext_abi` macro to initialize the ABI struct in an arbitrary location.
   :c:macro:`__ext_abi` will automatically include the ABI in the list provided via :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_provide`.

   .. code-block:: c

      __ext_abi(struct my_abi, my_abi) = {
   	   .header = FW_INFO_ABI_INIT(MY_ABI_ID,
   				   CONFIG_ABI_FLAGS,
   				   CONFIG_ABI_VER,
   				   sizeof(struct my_abi)),
   	   .abi = {
   		   /* ABI initialization goes here. */
   	   }
      };

> #. To include function pointers in your ABI, call the :c:macro:`EXT_ABI_FUNCTION` macro to forward-declare the function and create a typedef for the function pointer:

Reviewer: I don't understand what we're doing here?

Author: A forward declaration is what is usually done in a header file:

    in my_abi_foo(bool arg1, int *arg2);

The `EXT_ABI_FUNCTION()` macro does this, and also creates a typedef for the function. This means that it creates a new type which can hold function pointers to this function. They are declared like this (to create a type called by_abi_foo_t):

    typedef int (*my_abi_foo_t)(bool arg1, int *arg2);

We want this typedef to be able to put ABI function pointers into the ABI struct.
The `EXT_ABI_FUNCTION()` macro is a convenience macro that does both of these so the user doesn't have to type them both, possibly making errors.

An ABI getter function takes an index, and each index from 0 to *n* must return a different ABI, given that the image provides *n* ABIs with the same ID.

Typically, the actual ABI will be a function pointer (or a list of function pointers), but the data can be anything, though it should be considered read-only.
The reason for making the ABI getters function pointers instead of pointing to a list of ABIs is to allow dynamic creation of ABI lists without using RAM.

Usage
*****

To locate and verify firmware info structures, use :cpp:func:`fw_info_find` and :cpp:func:`fw_info_check`, respectively.

To find an ABI with a given version and flags, call :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_find`.
This function calls :cpp:member:`abi_in` under the hood, checks the ABI's version against the allowed range, and checks that it has all the flags set.

To populate an image's :cpp:member:`abi_in` (before booting the image), the booting image should call :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_provide` with the other image's firmware information structure.
Note that if the booting (current) firmware image and the booted image's RAM overlap, :cpp:func:`fw_info_abi_provide` will corrupt the current firmware's RAM.

> This is ok if it is done immediately before booting the other image, i.e. if after it has performed its last RAM access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is ok if it is done immediately before booting the other image, thus after it has performed its last RAM access.
```
